
                                                                               Quest for Peace - Campaign


   This 4 level campaign was meant and made for our common enjoyment (it gave me lots of fun doing and playing / testing it. Cross across 
the Koprulu Sector and half of the known galaxy in this quest for peace between the 3 races. Most of the levels require Star Craft - Brood War, 
especially since the 1st level (Quest 1 - Aiur's Struggle). 

   Altough this is my first campaign, it came to birth in strange sort of way. I've already made 3 levels (the 1st, 2nd and the 4th) apart from each 
others, began the 3rd and then decided to intangle them together into a campaign. This was the most dificult part of 'em all... 'cause I had to 
change all maps briefings to match the story. I've merged briefeng from some of the maps (don't ask me wich!) to compile the main story, 
so don't be surprised if you catch some bloopers in briefings. By far, briefings are the most time consuming thing and worst for me in the 
StarCraft map editor. 

   In the 1st map (Aiur's Struggle), you're headed to Aiur to destroy an Overmind rebirth when doing a favour to a certain devious creature we all 
know and love to be the usual vilain. Along the way you may get some help to it... 

   At level 2 (Ice Cappades) you're going to Sloth, an Icy world, to help a Protoss campsite and put an end to the Terran rogues (Freeezer 
Commandos) and all their possible allies there! 

   On the 3rd level (Moonlight Dunes) you return to Shakuras to find it ravaged by Zerg and an excepcionally bloodlust Protoss Task force. It's your 
job to clean the house. 

   In the last level, the 4th (Scavenger Hunt), the "Queen of Blades" and her forces are headed to Curies in chase of the U.E.D. and the Furinax 
Conclave (part of the Avalon Conclave's troops) due to all past griefs caused by them! And have a few close encounters with the locals...

  In these few levels you're facing more than one race at the same time. Sometimes their're allied and the rest at each others throats also... 
Beyond at your own of course! You'll also have the same chances, don't worry it's sort of an even match... 
 
  Watch out, not everything that moves is your enemy... take a piece of advice if you want to, and use the Shit + Tab... wisely! I almost 
can bet than you don't want to engage your own allies...

   I ask you not to corrupt the levels. If you want to work them out, please do a copy first and then tinker on it. Do not place these levels for sale, 
they weren't made with that purpose in mind!


P.S. - All levels are playable with mellee and free for all modes. It was a little somehow dificult trying to do the triggers and keep those darn maps
 still playable in all modes, but... I think it was worth it!


                                                                                 Yours truely,
                                                                                                    HAndyMan


Note:  Being a perfeccionist myself (defect or ability, is up for you to discover), I've tested those levels over and over 'till all the "bugs" on 
        'em where solved, to the best... of my knowledge! If you find any anyway, tell me about it at: 
                                                                                                                                             quark_moon@yahoo.co.uk

          Oh, and I'm open to suggestions on how to solve it (or them)... Please sent those to me!